D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\ISS.CWS.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\ISS.CWS.pdb
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\obj\Debug\ISS.CWS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\obj\Debug\ISS.CWS.dll
D:\Projects\.NET\4.5\ISS\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\obj\Debug\ISS.CWS.pdb
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\ISS.CWS.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\ISS.CWS.pdb
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\obj\Debug\ISS.CWS.dll
D:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\obj\Debug\ISS.CWS.pdb
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\ISS.CWS.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\ISS.CWS.pdb
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Abstractions.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Routing.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\obj\Debug\ISS.CWS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\obj\Debug\ISS.CWS.dll
d:\Projects\Projects Data\3rd Party\Service-Git\ISS.CWS\ISS.CWS\obj\Debug\ISS.CWS.pdb
